Remove inappropriate "please", minor rewording (#4249)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/connect-custom-gitlab-server.md

Once the connection is successful, all the repositories in this GitLab server
will become available when you try to add a project in your team workspace. If

> you have any trouble setting up the connection to your GitLab server, feel free to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have any trouble setting up the connection to your GitLab server, please
```
